---
title: Lesson 21
layout: post
author: zak.pickard
permalink: /lesson-21/
source-id: 1WYwGCgIke1npyVOmZBFCa5-xp8bTTkQNoeS_WwfYSUs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>CodeCademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/04/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting Point</td>
    <td>Repl.it Python 3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target For this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as I possibly can</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to complete simple tasks that were set</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we were set with the task of creating a simple maths coder than will be able to help a student with his maths homework. This has been one of my biggest challenges yet in the world of coding but I think if I manage to apply my knowledge of coding from my first term of IT i think I will be able to solve the problem. I will work on this problem during the summer holidays and hopefully be able to complete it!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work ?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout this project I need to make sure that I apply all of my knowledge of IT so far and remember that Python 3 has a few different rules and I shall complete the challenge on time. I also need to make sure that I can actually make a maths cheat coder that offers a variety of different equations and that it actually works!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This is my last week of IT but I think that it has been a positive term and hopefully next time I try IT I will be very good as I will practice over the Easter holiday. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


